well I T they're Internet people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
Republicans and research don't laugh
so GOP senators are divided over whether
or not they should watch the impeachment
hearing of course they are their base
doesn't research why should they
seriously they know that they can just
say something and repeat it enough and
their base will believe it because their
base won't check it out there's no due
process in the impeachment hearing and
then get away with that because their
bases never read the Constitution this
idea this tactic of latching on to
something and just pushing it and
pushing it to create a scapegoat create
a mythical enemy that's how the GOP
operates this bleeds over and do a lot
of stuff and it's all based on not
researching it's all coming from a place
of ignorance right now Georgia and
Kentucky and I'm sure more states will
follow our introducing bills to stop
gender affirming surgeries and drug
treatments in children tell you what let
me take care of that for you
dot that's not a thing doesn't exist
not in any statistically significant
manner that is not a thing that's not
true I heard this story about an
eight-year-old who is transitioning
social transitioning that means using he
instead of she that means letting them
play with the toys of the gender they
identify with letting dress that way
that's what that means
there's no surgery in that now as they
get older and there's still when they
hit their teens they may be given a
puberty blocker that's used for all
kinds of things but in this case it's
used because they don't want to give
minors surgery if the child goes through
the social transitioning and and
reaffirms that yeah this is my gender
identity then they may be given a
puberty marker and then later we're
talking late teens probably after they
turn 18 then maybe they'll start it in
their teens where they'll start with the
hormone replacement and that kind of
stuff or what being called that so the
idea that some eight-year-old is being
willed into any uhnot are that that's
not happening that's it that's not a
thing but I mean we got to have a new
bathroom bill right we got to have
something to scare people with got to
find a way to create a group to
scapegoat and hate what better than
children
or their parents so who supports the
idea of the social transitioning the
puberty blocker and then maybe possibly
the other stuff later the American
Medical Association the American Academy
of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry
and the American Academy on pediatrics
who opposes it a couple of
Representatives from Georgia and
Kentucky right now there's people from
Georgia and Kentucky going hey don't
disparage the whole state we're not all
like that yeah being the scapegoat it's
not real cool is it having a narrative
pushed about you isn't really cool is it
imagine if it was about who you are not
just your state and their education the
reason that narrative exists is because
stuff like this at the end of the day
there's one really important statistic
that that should override all of this
now this information is compiled based
on people who who went through this
prior to people trying to understand it
people trying to be accepting people
trying to figure it out forty-one
percent of that community attempts to
end it all
forty-one percent so the method of
saying oh you'll grow out of it don't
worry about it you know that know that
you can't play Barbie that's for boys
that method results in forty-one percent
so this method ten years from now we may
find out that there are better ways to
do it and this isn't the exact right way
that's completely possible but I'm
pretty sure it's not gonna have that
statistic
it the end of the day this boils down to
well this whole thing I don't understand
it
I'm afraid of it I refuse to learn about
it I find it in moral whatever it makes
me uncomfortable that's on one hand the
other hand is a living breathing child's
life not a fetus for a life crowd that's
what we're talking about I don't care if
you're uncomfortable yeah
it's unusual okay and what I'm sure
there was a time when people for like I
I don't I don't really feel comfortable
about injecting radioactive substances
into myself times change
[ __ ] conservatives wanted to keep the
government out of healthcare you have
every major group that's involved in
this topic in agreement the medical
professionals the people that actually
deal with this they all agree but hey we
need a scapegoat we need to pick on kids
let's get that statistic a little higher
forty one percent those are rookie
numbers let's get rid of them all right
what's the worst that can happen
I implore the Republican Party to start
doing some research on their own and
research isn't just looking for things
that agree with you it's looking for the
other side I got asked by five or six
people to talk about this and they're on
different sides this is what I found out
I don't care if Tommy plays with Barbie
if that means that Tommy gets to live
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day